Remaining section review (#11)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/cookbook/assets/storageservice.md

# StorageService

`StorageService` provides utilities and a helper for interacting with files which are stored on the server.

Service ID: `silver_tools.storage_service`

> Theservice fetches a list of files by a provided $productId from `$storagePath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service fetches a list of files by provided $productId from `$storagePath`.
```

## getFilesByProductId

> `getFilesByProductId` uses the [Symfony Finder component.](http://symfony.com/doc/current/components/finder.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getFilesByProductId` uses the [Symfony Finder component.](http://symfony.com/doc/3.4/components/finder.html)
```
